---
layout: post
title: "Just do it"
---

Hello! :)

It's incredible how much time an idea takes to get to the real world, if you just keep thinking about it. I had planned to start blogging for a long time now, and here I am, almost 3 years after, doing it for the very first time!

At first, I was wondering what tools/technologies should I use? Should I build my own blog? Should I use a platform like wordpress, medium, etc? There are so many choices out there, and today, it is easier than ever to do it. No one is expecting you make the right decision, more important than tools, is your desire to share what you have in mind, so don't spend too much time on this, technologies and tools are changing at very fast pace so what works today maybe obsolete tomorrow, just find the platform/tools that fit your current needs, try them, and if they don't work as you expected, you're free to move to other platform/tools, it's not a waste of time, it's just another learning experience. Do something. Fail quickly. Adapt. Repeat. BTW, This site is built using [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) and hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com). The source code used to create this website is publicly available on [GitHub](https://github.com/TheLaxtSamurai/thelaxtsamurai.github.com) as well.

Once tools had been selected, I ended up overwhelmend by the number of things I didn't know or had little idea how they work. I love reading so I started reading/learning about the tools I selected: blogs, books, videos, etc. I spent quite sometime on this, finally, I caught myself just reading one thing that leads me to another one which leads me to another one, but, it was just that: 'reading'. No action. It's what people used to call [paralysis of analysis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analysis_paralysis). Don't get me wrong, I think is really important to know how things work, but, I firmly believe that you learn more when you practice that thing of which you're reading/learning about. Book smart, street smart. Get to the lab, do some work and show it the world.
> Practice without Theory is blind, Theory without Practice is sterile.

Finally, I started thinking about the fact that I didn't know anything good to say, I'm not working for google, twitter, facebook, etc. I'm not a public speaker, not an author, not an expert. It was my old 'me' playing his last card: You're not good enough, why bother? I know I'm not the best nor the brightest, but I'm willing to do whatever it takes to be better than yesterday, and I know that the only way of becoming all I want to be is by doing something _today_! No tomorrow, tomorrow does not exist, we only have _today_.

These were all the things that were stopping me from blogging until I decided to "Just do it".